Integrate fideslog for anonymous CLI analytics (#386)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/installation/configuration.md

    | :----: | :----: | :-------: | :-----------: |
    | local_mode | Boolean | False | When set to `True`, forbids the fidesctl CLI from making calls to the fidesctl webserver. |
    | server_url | String | "" | The base URL of the fidesctl webserver endpoints, in `host:port` format. |

>     | analytics_id | String | "" | A cryptographically secure, fully anonymized string generated by `fideslog`. |

Reviewer: Let's not leak implementation details here.
```suggestion
    | analytics_id | String | "" | A fully anonymized unique identifier for the `fidesctl` CLI instance. |
```

=== "User Section"

    | Name | Type | Default | Description |
    | :----: | :----: | :-------: | :-----------: |
    | encryption_key | String | "" | An arbitrary string used to encrypt the user data stored in the database. Encryption is implemented using PGP. |

>     | analytics_opt_out | Boolean | "" | When set to `False`, anonymous event data is collected via `fideslog`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | analytics_opt_out | Boolean | "" | When set to `true`, prevents sending anonymous analytics data to Ethyca. |
```
